fix: update JavaScript minification for ember-cli-uglify@2.x (#70)
ember-learn/cli-guides: guides/advanced-use/asset-compilation.md

default in the production-env and can be disabled using the `minifyCSS:enabled`
switch.

> Similarly, the js-files are minified with `ember-cli-uglify`

Author: `ember-cli-uglify@1.x` has used [`broccoli-uglify-sourcemap`](https://github.com/ember-cli/broccoli-uglify-sourcemap) under the hood. It must be a long, long time ago that [`broccoli-uglify-js`](https://github.com/joliss/broccoli-uglify-js) was used.

`ember-cli-uglify@2.x` uses [`UglifyJS`](https://github.com/mishoo/UglifyJS). But IMO consumer should not care about such implementation details. Therefore I didn't named it.

Reviewer: FWIW, we actually use terser now (in more recent versions).

};
```

> More details on available options to customize JavaScript minification could be found in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
More details on available options to customize JavaScript minification can be found in
```

[`ember-cli-uglify` docs](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli-uglify#ember-cli-uglify).

> ***Note**: Option object for minifying of JavaScript files has been renamed in `ember-cli-uglify@2.x`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
***Note**: The option object for minifying of JavaScript files was renamed in `ember-cli-uglify@2.x`,
```

> which is part of Ember CLI's default blueprint since 2.16.0. Option was called `minifyJS`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
which is part of Ember CLI's default blueprint since 2.16.0. The option was called `minifyJS`
```
